create specification badges block (#189)
vtex-apps/product-summary: docs/ProductSummarySpecificationBadges.md

```
  "product-specification-badges": {
    "props": {
      "specificationGroupName": "allSpecifications",
      "specificationsOptions": [{
        "specificationName": "On Sale",
        "displayValue": "SPECIFICATION_NAME",
        "visibleWhen": "True"
      },
      {
        "specificationName": "Demo",
        "displayValue": "SPECIFICATION_NAME",
        "visibleWhen": "True"
      }]
    }
  },
```

### Example 3

```
// specificationGroups array
[
    {
      name: 'Group',
      specifications: [
        {
          name: 'On Sale',
          values: ['True'],
        },
      ],
    },
    {
      name: 'Group 2',
      specifications: [
        {
          name: 'Demo',
          values: ['True'],
        },
        {
          name: 'PromoExclusion',
          values: ['1'],
        }
      ],
    },
    {
      name: 'allSpecifications',
      specifications: [
        {
          name: 'On Sale',
          values: ['True'],
        },
        {
          name: 'Demo',
          values: ['My Cool Value'],
        },
        {
          name: 'PromoExclusion',
          values: ['1'],
        },
      ],
    },
  ]
```

> If you want to show the value for the `Demo` specification, you could pass:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to show the value for the `Demo` specification, you could pass:
```
